Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
From Hansel minutes.com. It's Hanselman.
It's a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
the show number 520. In
this episode, Scott talks with
Aaron Thompson, formerly or Pixar about
her new startup Modular. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes. We're here doing marches
for makers. It's all March
long. We're doing great hardware
and maker stuff. And today
we're talking with Aaron Thompson. How
are you? I'm doing great.
Thanks so much for having
me on the show. Scott,
I know this is exciting.
So I was actually doing
some Arduino work and I
was trying to get a
and hope I get the
words right here. It was
a, I think it's an
accelerometer I wanted to know
about like X, Y, Z,
and I was trying to
get it to work with
a, I think it was
a particle or a photon
and I stumbled into some
forums and I saw you
having some interactions. Now we
pump into forums all the
time and we see people
having interactions except yours included
detailed and intense reproductions of
the bugs that immediately got
the attention of the, of
the moderators, because you have
like a, what is it
called as an oscilloscope of
some kind you were showing
the wave forms of what
happened at like at the
atomic level? Yeah, it was
a logic analyzer dump. So
it's showing the, the logic
levels on a couple of
the wires over time. So
from that, you can see
how the two parts on
the board are communicating with
each other. And there was
a problem with how they
were communicating. So I was
including that in order to
show the particle folks, what
I thought the bug was
so we could figure it
out together. And it was
such a clear bug was
such a clear, like explanation
of why something was wrong.
It seemed like they all
kind of like jumped in
and into the forum and
it became this long. It
was rather quite a long
post. It went on for
months and it was pretty
long and they acknowledged that
this is a problem. So
I started digging around and
I went to your profile
and then found modular.co, Which
is this amazing Kickstarter that
you did last year? Well,
thank you. It's, it's really
kind of slick because I've
tried Arduinos. I've tried breadboards.
A lot of these things
are a little intimidating, you
know, like you have, you
have to learn, you learn
to solder and then you
say, well, that's, that's too
hard. Then I'll go down
to using breadboards. What is
it about modular that makes
it even easier to get
started? I was always doing
projects like that myself. I
was a software engineer and
I was doing little hardware
projects on the side, just
for fun. And I'm like
you, I would, I would
kind of dig in and
then everything was pretty difficult,
pretty intimidating, made it hard
to you kind of get
a project going quickly. So
I wanted to create something
that would solve those problems.
So modular has these little
individual circuit boards each have
a particular component. So, you
know, there might be one
with a joystick on it,
one with a little color
display, and you can slide
these things onto the base.
And then as far as
the physical construction goes, you're
done. You just connect them.
So you don't have to
worry about logic, analyzer diagrams,
or, you know, data sheets
and all that kind of
stuff you can get right,
right. To building your project.
So that was kinda my
idea. That's where modular came
from and that's the problem
that tries to solve. So
this is a, a higher
level of abstraction. How is
this different from like an
Arduino shield? Well, do we
know shield is similar in
some ways and that you
can kind of just plug
it onto the Arduino and
then you, I use it
more easily than you would
if you had to build
that whole circuit from scratch,
but modular allows you to
connects several different things. So
kind of in the size
of an artery, no, you
can have four different modules
that plug together and they
can be mixed and matched.
They can be put in
different locations and they all
have a unique idea D
that can be used to
communicate with them to identify
them. Yeah. So it's kind
of a, another, your step
up in terms of being
at a higher level and
being a little more modular
than what a shield would
be. What is the, the
different communication protocol? These are
these three letter acronyms as
an Arduino beginner I'm bumping
into it's like I, yeah,
I, or people say I
squared C so it's this
old serial protocol it's been
around for, for decades. And
it's used to allow multiple
components. It's on a board
to send data between, I
mean, each other. So it's
a relatively simple protocol as
protocols go, but it's also
really robust, supported by a
lot of different things. So
modular makes use of that
in order to allow these
different modules communicate with each
other. Oh, interesting. Okay. So
when I take an Arduino
and I let's say that
I took a, an ethernet
shield, I put it on
top and it gets bigger
and bigger, like a sandwich.
And then I put a
screen on top of that.
There are adrenals at the
bottom. Yup. Ether nets in
the middle. And the screens
on the top is the
Arduino basically shouting down the
line and going, Hey, screen,
put some stuff there. And
the, the ethernet has to
pass it all the way
up. Well, within our Duino,
all of the wires are
kind of connected between all
of those. So all the
pins are directly connected from
the Arduino itself, through the
shield. It's in the middle
to the top. So particular
shields will use particular pins.
So there are different pin
numbers on each one. Okay.
So the display, you know,
maybe it uses pins three,
four, and five. Maybe the,
the other shield uses the
same ones, or maybe it
uses different ones, but there's
the potential there that, that
can conflict because they might
use the same pins. They
might use them in the
same way or in different
ways. Modular kind of just
uses two pins for everything.
And there, it uses one
communication protocol to handle that
communication, but you don't ever
have to worry about which
pins something is using, whether
they're already used up by
another modular, you can just
kind of connect whatever you
want. So on the, on
the website, when you go
to modular.co, you can see
like you're plugging into what
looked like, like Xbox thumb
sticks, and you move them,
you go lower, left corner,
upper right corner. When you
move it, how do you
address it? How do you
do say there's a joystick
at this location? And does
it know about the location
or how do you, when
you move one from side
to side, how do you
know to address that? So
each module has a unique
ID, burned into it when
it's manufactured and you can
communicate with it using that
ID. So it's possible to
say, give me all the
different joysticks that are connected
and I'll return you a
list of all those IDs.
And then you can talk
to a particular one, or
if you just need some
joystick, you don't care which
one it is. You can
just say, use the first
one and it'll assume whatever.
The first one it finds
is the choice tech you're
looking for. Ah, okay. That's
really elegant. So it's just
like, you know, the difference
between an IP address and
a Mac address. The Mac
address is something that stays
with the ethernet card or
the wireless card. So there's
a unique joystick out there,
and it's, it's unique no
matter where it is on
the bus. And there's a
process of assigning that address
to it and saying, this
is the one I'm going
to talk to. That's kind
of similar to, you know,
to use your network analogy
kind of similar to like
DHCP where it's assigning an
address and now it can
talk on the network to
everything else. Okay. And then
I can enumerate Them and
say, give me the first
one and the last one,
or the first screen that
you find, and then start
talking to it. That's a
really elegant thing. Yeah. I
wanted to make it, you
know, a lot of times
you don't, you're not going
to have more than one
joystick or more than one
display. So when it's make
it really easy to just
do the right thing most
of the time, which is
to just use the one
at fines. But then if
you do have more, you
can very be very specific
about which one you're talking
to. And that way you
can put it in a
different place on the board.
You can even have multiple
boards and Daisy chain them
together, but wherever you put
it, it'll always have that
same address and you can
always talk to it in
the same way. Oh, really?
Okay. So then if you
were referring to a screen
by it's a good, for
lack of a better word
and you have, it was
first in the list, and
then later on you had
eight of these in a
row. When you put it
at the end, you just
keep talking to that screen.
That's right. It'll always have
the same address and behave
the same way. No matter
what the physical configuration is.
That seems like something that
should take off. I mean,
that seems like such a
clean and elegant solution. Are
there other similar solutions out
there? There are a few,
there are some temperature sensors
that use SM bus. I
don't know if you've heard
of that. It's another one
of these protocols, but SM
bus is based on an
I squared C and it
has a similar ability for
one of these temperature sensors
to have an ID built
into it. And then you
can communicate with that particular
ID, but I haven't seen
other systems that have kind
of this more general thing
where all your different devices
speak, that you can use
whatever device you want. And
they all kind of play
by that, that same rule.
And when we think about
people doing prototyping and things
like Arduino or raspberry pies,
they were always told, well,
you're you're prototyping. And then
later on, you might go
to production with that know,
make it simpler. Would that
be something you'd do with
modular or would you just
leave it as it is
and go to production as
it is? Well, I kind
of wanted to solve more
of the hobbyist thing rather
than I think that model
of prototype it, you know,
take it to the next
stage design circuit boards that
works really well for a
product you're creating where you're
going to make thousands of
these things. But if you're
just trying to make one
thing, I wanted to make
it as easy as possible
to just create that thing
and have it be good
enough to actually use for
whatever purpose you have in
mind. Okay. So for a
purpose, for, for an example
of a purpose, you had
a cold last week. So
we had to reschedule, I'm
still getting over it a
little bit, A little bit
of a T a in
the background there, you made
it a tea maker, a
tea pouring robot, didn't you?
I did. That was one
of the example projects we
did for the Kickstarter campaign.
So if you wouldn't mind,
even though we're on a,
maybe you could kind Of
describe, you know, you have
a modular and it has
four quadrants that one could
plug things in. How many
did you use and what
components would one need to
make a tea pouring robot?
So we had two, two
of these basis. These are
the things that hold the
four modulars, one base was
on the little robot. And
so it would have the
controller which runs the program
to control the robot, the
controller isn't the base it's
one of the modules is
a controller. That's right. Yeah.
One of the modules that
lets you use different types
of controllers, if you want
to. So we had that.
And then we had the,
one of the motor drivers
that we have, which can
drive to DC motors. So
we had little DC motors
to control the wheels. And
then we had a servo
motor to control an arm
that goes up and down.
And at the end of
the arm, there was a
teabag. So the teabag would
lower into the cup of
tea and rays. And it
would do that for a
period of time while you're
brewing your tea. So that
was all on the robot
itself. And then we had
a cable from the modular
base on the robot to
a second base and that
second base had all the
controls. So that was kind
of like a little game
pad almost. So we had
a joystick on there. So
you could drive the robot
around and drive it up
to your cup of tea,
a little display that would
show you whether, you know,
if it's currently brewing, it'll
say how many seconds are
left as it's raising, lowering
the teabag and then two
knobs that would let you
either manually raise a lower
the arm, or you could
change the duration that you
want to steep your tea.
If you turn the other
knob, it was just one
of the, what did you
call it? A rainbow knob
is a knob that also
has lighting. Yeah. Yeah. It
has an RGB led and
it's a push button and
it's a rotary encoder. So
that lets you do a
lot of different user interactions.
Whether it's, you just want
to push it to switch
something on and off, provide
some basic feedback, dial a
number, you know, change a
position. It's a pretty versatile
little input device. Some of
the stuff that you've gotten
here, if you, you know,
again, this is@modular.com O D
U L O dot C
O really blows my mind.
Like you've got an old
led display that is like
an inch and a half
wide and has its own
module. I mean, that's insane.
I can't even get my
head around that. Yeah, it's
really nice. We started out
with just a black and
white display. And then when
we found, we were able
to source these color displays,
you can just do so
much more with them. You
know, if you're drawing a
graph or something, all of
a sudden you can draw
several lines on top of
each other and make sense
of it where you just
couldn't do that with a
black and white screen. So
there's a lot of really
cool things you did that
were very small. Like I'm
used to again, thinking about
things in terms of an
Arduino shield, one shield, one,
one use, you've got like
a motor driver modular that
can do like two motors
or four single ended devices
in a, in a tiny
little thing, the size of
an inch. Yeah. You know,
some, I think some of
these other modular kits that
are out there, they're cool,
but they kind of have
to use a lot of
components in order to build
something. And I, I knew
I could only design and
manufacture a fairly small number
of boards to start out
with. So I wanted to
make sure I really made
each one as impactful as
I could make, made it
useful for a lot of
different things. Folks, I wanted
to take a moment to
tell you about Reagan and
their new product called pulse.
Reagan is an error and
crash reporting software provider and
their new product pulse. It's
a realtime user monitoring product.
It gives you performance data
and user insights. Lets you
understand exactly what's happening when
users interact with your software.
So you're never left guessing.
Reagan provides you with the
answers to your performance questions
and they've found over 10 billion
that's billion with a B
bugs and customer apps with
their crash reporting product. And
now Reagan will help you
understand application quality. Like no
one else over 30,000 developers
worldwide, can't be wrong. I
use Reagan and all the
time and I enjoy it
very much. You can try
it out today with a
no risk 30 day free
trial start improving your software
quality immediately try Reagan for
free today@reagan.io. Let me back
up a little bit because
right now it is 2016
and hardware and IOT is
amazing thing. As amazing as
the stuff that you built
is you didn't start out
as a hardware person. Now,
15 years ago, you were
at Pixar and spent a
long time. There were didn't
you doing software? Yeah. I
spent 13, almost 13 years
there. And I started out
working directly on the films.
I was doing shading work
for finding Nemo, the Incredibles
Ratatouille. And then after that
I switched over to Pixars
internal software development group. We
at Pixar, we build our
own animation software that we
animate our films with and
we were doing a large
next generation project kind of
rewriting all of that software.
So I did that for
a number of years too.
And that was an really
amazing project to be part
of having spent so much
time in software, I would
fail. I would feel I'm
just going to feeling myself
that it would be very
intimidating to like it's still
computers, but you're really making
a transition to an entirely
different universe here where yeah,
there's a lot of new
stuff and it's a very
different world for me. That
was kind of exciting. Cause
I that's what I was
looking for. I really wanted
to do something new. I
wanted to learn about new
things. I'd always kind of
played around with electronics, But
I had never, You know,
really designed professional quality circuit
boards. Hadn't done surface Mount
soldering. Hadn't done much firmware
development. All of those things
were new to me. So
yeah, it was a lot,
lot to get up to
speed on. Was that intimidating?
I mean I'm, I'm giving
you a compliment, but I'm
also a little bit in
awe because I could see
like, you know, leaving Pixar
and going and making your
own, you know, I don't
know 3d shader and that
would be like a very
safe thing to do. It
was intimidating. But for me
at that point I just,
I just needed something that
felt kind of fresh and
new to me just cause
I had been working in
the same area for a
long time and it's not
too bad. You know, the
open source hardware community is
really incredible right now. There's
a lot out there. It's
so easy to find resources.
You can go download the
schematics and PCB layouts for,
you know, most of your
favorite boards. And that's a
great way to get started.
I use that a lot,
you know, ADA fruit and
spark fund circuit board designs
when it looked at those,
looked at how they put
them together. And that kind
of really helped me get
going and get to a
point where I could, you
know, where I could develop
my own boards and, And
start manufacturing them. Did you
have the background in the
hardware engineering? Cause I noticed
that we both have similar
degrees. You've got a degree
in computer software engineering, which
is a little bit different.
As I recall from computer
science, I did a software
engineering degree, which I found
to be more, more hands
on, more practical than a
more academic computer science degree.
I think my, my degree
was fairly hands on and
practical. I didn't do a
lot of hardware in college,
but I did do a
little bit and I'd say
mostly I taught myself. I
just did a lot of
projects over the years and
learned about it over time.
And what's a little bit
of, of college background I
had in it. That was
enough to kind of get
me through it. I don't,
you know, I would not
be someone who could go
and design a radio-frequency front
end for, you know, some
complicated electrical engineering thing, but
I can get along pretty
well with digital circuits and
basic stuff. And that's kind
of all I needed. No,
I think, I think you're
selling yourself short, given that
you have a pretty amazing
start up here with, with
modular modesty indeed. But did
you find that you were
going back and looking up
things like you're in school
again? Like were you looking
at electrical type basics? Yep.
You know, some of it
I remembered, but a lot
of other stuff either, you
know, it didn't remember the
details and didn't know the
practical aspects of how to
actually do it. There was
a lot of it that's
less about like electrical engineering
theory and more just how
you do this stuff. Like
how do you actually, you
know, use a PCB layout
program to lay out a
circuit board? How do you
actually solder surface Mount components
for prototype? That kind of
stuff is more practical knowledge
and a little bit less,
you know, college book learning
kind of stuff. When you
were designing modular in, in
your mind, did you, how
did you validate that it
was correct that it was
the way that someone who'd
been doing hardware for 20
years would do it to
be honest, I didn't, I
kind of just made it
work and then, you know,
tested it. And if there
was a problem, I would
dig into that. But I
suspect that someone who's a
really great hardware engineer would
probably find some flaws here
and there. It sounds like
it's working pretty well though.
And the reason that I
ask this is that I
want to understand, could this
have been done 15 years
ago, 10 years ago before
open source hardware, because I
think that this is such
a wonderful time for people
to jump in. Yeah. I
had a community to kind
of help. I think it
would have been a lot
harder. I think both, you
know, finding the information would
have been harder, getting help
other companies, you know, like
you mentioned particle, they've been
really awesome friend and partner
in doing this. And like
you said, you know, I
just posted on their forum
about this problem I was
having. And they were able
to look into it, they're
open source. So I could
look at their code and
figure out what's going on.
They could look at my
code and then just the
way that you can send
out for boards to be
made, get them back quickly
and cheaply and build them
yourself and iterate on that.
That was a lot less
accessible in the past. And
that's something people can do
now. And it actually makes
it possible to start a
hardware company without a huge
amount of capital. So you
didn't have to like fly
to China and visit warehouses
and manufacturing. I think if
I had been at a
higher volume that probably would
have made sense, but for
me it was a pretty
low volume. And so I
did it all here. I
had a contract manufacturer in
Fremont here in the Bay
area that did the manufacturing
for me. And there was
some sourcing in China, but
it was all remote. You
know, I would email the,
the there and get prices
on parts, get samples. They
would send them over to
me. So I was able
to do it all just
from a home office. When
in, as a software person,
I would do everything I
can to accelerate what I'm
doing. I do continuous integration
and testing and unit tests
and integration tests. But can
you, if you ship a
piece of hardware and it
has a bug, what kinds
of bugs are there? Is
it a bug like these
two traces are too close
to each other or I
pick the wrong chip or
what's a bug in the
hardware world and how do
you deal with it? Yeah.
Well there can be a
few different kinds. So some
of them are literally, you
know, a trace is wrong
or, you know, a component
is wrong or something, and
there's not much you can
do about that. Other than,
other than hopefully it's not
too serious. And if you've
tested yourself stuff, you know
what it, it functions then
you probably don't have anything
too serious, but other things
can be, you know, more,
you know, more minor stuff,
probably more firmware. Right? I
think that's a lot more
or likely it's harder to
kind of test all the
corner cases. What's your firmware?
So, one thing I did
was I actually developed a
bootloader that runs on each
of these little modules. So
if there is a bug
I'm actually able to create
a software fix for that
someone, a program to run
that can update the software
that's running on their own.
So I haven't had to
use that yet, but it's
given me a lot of
peace of mind knowing that
if there's a serious issue,
I can actually do that.
People don't have to buy
new hardware in order to,
to get the new fix
or functionality. Interesting. Cause that's
funny that you, you were
that thoughtful ahead of time
because I'm looking at the
display right now and I'm
thinking to myself, you know,
what, if I wrote some
code and crashed the display
or I messed up the
display or if we found
a bug in it and
you just answered that question
that you could give me
a program to update the
little tiny processor on that
little tiny color display. Yeah,
that's right. Yeah. That is
insane. One of the other
things I thought was cool
about it is not just
that there's modular pieces that
are like sensors and buttons
and things like that. But
is it true that the
processor can be pluggable as
well? I can pick the
brain. Yeah. So we have
one processor, the modular controller
that we make and ship,
but you can also use
your mentioning the particle photon,
which is another processor you
can use. So there's a
different type of that. Has
it has the four module
modules, hello, sockets on it.
Then it also has a
seat socket for a particle
photon. So you can use
that. And then of course
other people, you know that,
Oh, everything's open source. Other
people could design other processors
that fit into the system.
And then they would just
slide in like the modular
controller and you can also
control everything over USB. There's
a communication protocol that lets
you control all the devices.
And right now there's a
Python API for that someone
actually put together a.net library
for it too. I saw
someone posted it recently on
the forum. And so other,
you know, other people could
develop other APIs to control
it from other languages. So
when you say it's open
source, how does that work?
Is there you have open
source software? I see your
get hub has lots of
stuff on it, but is
the, is the hardware open
source as well? Yeah, it
is the, all the hardware
designs are also up there
on GitHub. So if you
wanted to, you could download
those, get circuit boards made,
you know, get the part
lists from those and make
your own modules. Was that
something that you had planned
from the beginning and is
that, was that in itself
an intimidating? I mean, if
you, I can see right
now get hub.com/modular labs and
right there under PCBs, there's
all your PCBs there. Doesn't
that mean that a bad
guy could go and I
don't know, make a bigger
version of your company. Well,
you know, to be honest,
they, they can get one
of the boards and look
at it and see how
it's made. So there's not
a lot there that's, you
know, they would be able
to get the information as
far as giving them the
rights to it. I think
if they really wanted to
do that, they could just
work around it. Anyway, you
know, I think people who
are relying on that, that
sort of intellectual property protection
really should think about whether
they have something that's really
being protected or whether it's,
you know, people could just
kind of create something very
similar and enter the market
anyway, in spite of it
being protected by copyright or
patents or whatever it is.
Yeah. It makes me think
about 10 years ago, I
used to try to obfuscate
my dotnet code and run
code office location tools to
prevent people from disassembling things.
And this is the effort
required. It just makes them
want to go and tear
it apart even more. Yeah.
I'm Nate Sydell from SparkFun
I saw a talk, he
gave a while back about
open source and he was
talking about how companies can
kind of get lazy when
they're closed source and kind
of start to think, Oh,
we needed to really focus
on protecting this thing. And
while they're doing that, other
companies are innovating and going
past them. And if you
put those intellectual property concerns
aside and focus on innovating,
creating new products, creating better
products, serving your well, then
you'll have a successful company
regardless of that. So I
thought that was great wisdom
from him. Yeah. And this
also, I just like that
there are more people who
are building companies that can
be open source at their
core and that there can
be some success there, but
then there's also giving back
to the community and the
sense of an open ecosystem.
Like I'm looking and thinking,
maybe I could make a
ma a modular of my
own. It's a little intimidating
to make the whole thing,
but you know, I could
make a blood sugar meter
prototype of some kind because
I'm diabetic and I'm always
looking at how to hack
diabetes from a hardware perspective.
Yeah. Cool. You jumpstart me
80% of the way. Yeah.
And you know, you can
take one of those PCB
designs and just remove the
components you don't need add
in the ones you do.
And you don't even have
to start from a hundred
percent scratch. You don't have
to get the board outline
and all the connector placement
and all of that stuff.
Right. And you also include
a blank slate modular, which
gives you the base and
an API and GPIO pins.
Yeah, that's right. It has
a little perf board area.
So you can solder up
a small circuit and connect
it to the rest of
your modular system without having
to take on the entire,
you know, Oh, I need
to design this whole thing
from scratch. You can focus
on just that one piece
that's interesting or specific to
whatever you're doing. So As
we kind of get towards
the end here, maybe you
could clear something up for
me. Is this a computer
or is it a microcontroller?
And what is the difference
between these tiny computers and
these tiny controllers and when
does controller and then computer
begins? That's a good question.
I think a lot of
people are confused by that,
especially because if you have
a Arduino and a raspberry
PI sitting next to each
other, they look very similar
and your tend to, to
think that's kind of the
same thing. But the difference
is that a microcontroller it's
kind of just running one
program. So whatever Cody right
for it, it's just going
to do that by itself.
And that's all it's going
to do. Whereas a computer
with something like a raspberry
PI is running a whole
operating system. It's like your
desktop computer. So you can
run email programs on it
and web browsers and all
this, you may not necessarily
have a display hooked up,
but even if you don't,
you have background processes, they're
running all of this other
stuff. So it's a much
larger system. So the modular
controller is a microcontroller. And
the particle photon that we
were talking about earlier is
as well. But you can
also connect the system to
a computer, whether that's your
PC, your Mac raspberry pie,
whatever it is and use
it with that too. Ah,
okay. So when I think
about things like node bots,
and we talked to Raquel
about node bots a couple
of a hundred episodes ago,
or so the idea that
where does the brain live,
right? Who's doing the thinking,
is it a PC that's
then connected via USB and
then controlling the, the unique
componentry and the motors and
things, or is it really
independent where you can unplug
it from the PC and
it can, it can be
alone and think on its
own and run, like you
said, one program, right? You
kind of with modular, you
kind of have a choice
there. So you can kind
of use it either by
itself, just program it to
do its own thing. Or
if you have something that's,
you know, kind of serving
as your larger brain, then
you can connect it to
that and it can let
your computer do the thinking
and then it can just
handle whatever commands you send
to it from your computer.
Very cool. Well, I would
really encourage people who are
listening and who are taking
a look@modular.co. If you're involved
in, in STEM or in
education, this would be a
really great thing for, for
schools and for any kind
of a science program or
computing program at a school
to definitely reach out to
Aaron and to the folks
at modular. Thanks so much
for chatting with me today.
This is fantastic. Thank you,
Scott. This was really great.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes and I'll
see you again. .